# SDJ2_Assignment_1
This is an assignment that combines the practice of 3 design patterns: state design, observer, MVVM. Threads are also used

This is copied from the assignment:
The system: You mustdesign and implement a simple applicationfor a module to control the heating system in a summerhouse.There is one heater with the power positions OFF, LOW, MEDIUMand MAX.There is a timeout in power position MAXsuch the radiator after a timeout automatically goes to power position MEDIUM.The indoor temperatures are measured in two locations, thermometer t1 near the heater, and thermometer t2 in the opposite corner. The distance between t1 and heater is 1 m and the distance between t2 and the heater is 7 m.The temperature depends on the heaters power, the distance to the heater and the outdoor temperature. The method given in Appendix on the last pagemay be used to calculate temperature values.The assignment: •From a GUI with at least two windows, you oShow the currentindoor temperatures(from both indoor thermometers), the outdoor temperature, and the heaters power position.oGet warnings if an indoortemperature passes critical values HOTor COLDoControl the heater (only options to turn up to the next position ordownto the previous)oDefine the critical values HOTand COLDoOptionally, show in tables or charts, the values from the latest say 20 measurementsoOptionally and advanced, show in charts, the values from the latest say 20 measurements•From twothreads(one for t1 and one for t2) you simulate the current indoor temperatureoThe temperature is measured and sendafter 4to8 seconds (in average every 6thsecond)oYou may use the method given in AppendixA. •Simulate the outdoor temperaturein another thread, e.g. using the method in Appendix B. Alternatively, use a fixed value.Requirements•You mustuse MVVMwith at least two different windows. •You mustuse the Observer design patternas part of the solution.•You must use the State design pattern for the different power states for the radiator. This includes that power state MAXhas a timeout andturnsdown to MEDIUM after say 40 seconds.•You must use a thread for each of the thermometers t1 and t2. •It is required to make a class diagram for the final solution and a state machinediagram for the radiator (both in Astah). In the diagram you mustbe able clearly to identify the different MVVM parts,the Observer pattern, the State patternand the classes related to the threads
DeadlineYou can work on the assignment in theremaining SDJ2 lessons in week 9–and of course after class. Deadline: Sundaythe 6thof Marchat 22:00FormatIt is ok to work in groups, but you have to hand individually -in a single zip-filewith 1)Class diagram, Statemachine diagram2)Source code for all Java classesand 3)Related resources like fxml files, and if used, external jar filesEvaluationYour hand-inwill be registered and counts for one of the exam requirements. No feedback will be given.
